Update weight_regions_by_scalar to not use matrix multiplication (#91)
XAITK/xaitk-saliency: docs/release_notes/pending_release.rst

* Fix ``xaitk_saliency.utils.masking.weight_regions_by_scalar`` to not upcast
  the data type output when ``inv_masks is True``.

> * Update ``xaitk_saliency.utils.masking.weight_regions_by_scalar`` to not use
>   matrix multiplication which significantly improve efficiency.

Reviewer: So, technically the function still uses matrix multiplication (i.e. the `mask * scalar` operation)- maybe instead:

```suggestion
* Update ``xaitk_saliency.utils.masking.weight_regions_by_scalar`` to not use
  fully vectorized operation which significantly improves efficiency.
```

Reviewer: And a SO thread that might be somewhat relevant: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48887461/why-python-loops-over-slices-of-numpy-arrays-are-faster-than-fully-vectorized-op
